add proper overview and structure (#875)
iotaledger/documentation: client-libraries/1.5/libraries/client.md

# IOTA Client Library

The client library for interacting with the Tangle

- Create messages and transactions
- Sign transactions
- Generate addresses
- Interact with an IOTA node

> For value transfers we recommend to use the [wallet library](./wallet.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For value transfers we recommend you to use our stateful [wallet library](./wallet.md).
```
